{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}What does \'93this\'94 keyword signify?\uc0\u8232 Ans: this references to the current class object\u8232 For ex : class abc\{\u8232               abc(a)\{\u8232               this.a=a;\u8232 \}\u8232 \}\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	2.	}What is the use of "super" keyword?\uc0\u8232 Ans: Super is used in the child class to access parent class data\u8232 for ex : class parent\{\u8232 void parent()\{\u8232 sop(\'93parent class\'94);\u8232 \}\}\u8232 class child extends parent\{\u8232 super();//calling the constructor of parent\u8232 \}\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	3.	}types of constructor?\uc0\u8232 Ans: Default, non-arg, parameterized.\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	4.	}Can we override a private method in Java?\uc0\u8232 no we can\'92t override private methods\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	5.	}Can we prevent overriding a method without using the final modifier? \uc0\u8232 we can private and static\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	6.	}Can we override static method in java?\uc0\u8232 Ans : No we can\'92t override static method.\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	7.	}Can we overload a static method in Java?\uc0\u8232 Ans :  No we can\'92t overload static method \
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	8.	}Can we override a method which throws runtime exception without throws clause?\uc0\u8232 Ans: yes, if it is the same method that gives the same exception.\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	9.	}How do you call superclass version of an overriding method in sub class?\uc0\u8232 Ans: super.methodname, or create object for the parent class and call the function\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	10.	}Can we override a non-static method as static in Java?\uc0\u8232 Ans:We can declare a static method and call in non static place, other way can\'92t be done\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	11.	}Can we have a non-abstract method inside interface?\uc0\u8232 Ans: No you can\'92t have a non-abstract method inside an interface\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	12.	}Can we overload or override the main method in Java?\uc0\u8232 you can\'92t overload or override \
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	13.	}Can an interface extend more than one interface in Java?\uc0\u8232 Ans : yes you can implement more than one interface \
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	14.	}Can a class extend more than one class in Java?\uc0\u8232 Ans : that is not possible, we can use interface concept for this problem.\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	15.	}What Is The Difference Between An Interface And An Abstract Class\uc0\u8232 Ans: Interface has only abstract methods whereas abstract class can have abstract method as well as non - abstract methods.\
\ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	16.	}What Is Multiple Inheritance And Does Java Support?\uc0\u8232 Ans: Multiple inheritance is having two parent class and one child class, java doesn\'92t support that because, it can\'92t extend more than one class it causes to diamond problem , in such case we use interface.\
}